enh(iplabel) : update documentation for ip-label ekara rest api pack. (#3999)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-monitoring-iplabel-ekara-restapi.md

> * A valid user account (username/password) with RO rights is required to authenticate against the Ekara Rest API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A valid user account (username/password) with read-only rights is required to authenticate against the Ekara Rest API.
```

> * The Ekara API must be reachable on port TCP/443 from the Centreon Poller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Ekara API must be reachable on port TCP/443 from the Centreon poller.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

3. [Deploy the configuration](/docs/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration). The service appears in the list of services, and on the **Resources Status** page. The command that is sent by the connector is displayed in the details panel of the service: it shows the values of the macros.

## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for?

Once the plugin is installed, log into your Centreon poller's CLI using the
**centreon-engine** user account (`su - centreon-engine`). Test that the connector 
is able to monitor a resource using a command like this one (replace the sample values by yours):

```bash
/usr/lib/centreon/plugins/centreon_monitoring_iplabel_ekara_restapi.pl \
	--plugin=apps::monitoring::iplabel::ekara::restapi::plugin \
	--mode=scenarios \
	--hostname='api.ekara.ip-label.net' \
	--api-username='' \

> 	--api-password='' \

Reviewer: username and password?
